Feature/setup windows for 1 0 (#200)
textext/textext: docs/source/install/windows-beta.rst

This guide explains how to install and use |TexText| together with |Inkscape| on a system
on which also |InkscapeOld| is installed.

.. warning::
    |Inkscape| builds for Windows are in fact nightly builds. Hence, operability of |TexText| might

>     fail from one day to another. If you need a productive environment you are strongly encouraged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fail from one day to another. If you need stable environment you are strongly encouraged
```

Author: Thanks, I updated accordingly.
